**pom.xml**
```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<project
xmlns="http://maven.apache.org/POM/4.0.0" xmlns:xsxmlns="http://maven.apache.org/POM/4.0.0"xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"

xsi:schemaLocation="http://maven.apache.org/POM/4.xsi:schemaLocation="http://maven.apache.og/POM/4.0.0 http://maven.apache.org/xsd/maven-4.0.0.xsd">
    <modelVersion>4.0.0</modelVersion>

    <groupId>com.example</groupId>
    <artifactId>user-account-service</artifactId>
    <version>1.0-SNAPSHOT</version>

    <dependencyManagement>
        <dependencies>
            <dependency>

<groupId/io.quarkus/quarkus-bom</groupId>

<artifactId>quarkus-bom</artifactId>

<version>${quarkus.version}</version>
                <type>pom</type>
                <scope>import</scope>
            </dependency>
        </dependencies>
    </dependencyManagement>

    <build>
        <plugins>
            <plugin>

<groupId/io.quarkus/quarkus-maven-plugin</groupId><groupId/io.quarkus/quarkus-maven-lugin</groupId>

<artifactId>quarkus-maven-plugin</artifactId>

<version>${quarkus.version}</version>
                <executions>
                    <execution>
                        <goals>
                            <goal>build</goal>
                        </goals>
                    </execution>
                </executions>
            </plugin>
        </plugins>
    </build>

    <properties>

<quarkus.version>2.7.5.Final</quarkus.version>
    </properties>

</project>
```

**UserEntity.java**
```java
@Entity
public class UserEntity {
    @Id
    @GeneratedValue(strategy =
GenerationType.IDENTITY)
    private Long id;
    private String username;
    private String email;
    private String password;

    // getters and setters
}
```

**UserRepository.java**
```java
@ApplicationScoped
public class UserRepository {

    @Inject
    EntityManager entityManager;

    public List<UserEntity> getAllUsers() {
        return entityManager.createQuery("SELECT
u FROM UserEntity u",
UserEntity.class).getResultList();
    }

    public UserEntity getUserByUsername(String
username) {
        return entityManager.createQuery("SELECT
u FROM UserEntity u WHERE u.username =
:username", UserEntity.class)
                .setParameter("username",
username)
                .getSingleResult();
    }

    public UserEntity createUser(UserEntity user)
{
        entityManager.persist(user);
        return user;
    }

    public void deleteUser(Long id) {
        UserEntity user =
entityManager.find(UserEntity.class, id);
        if (user != null) {
            entityManager.remove(user);
        }
    }
}
```

**UserService.java**
```java
@ApplicationScoped
public class UserService {

    @Inject
    UserRepository userRepository;

    public List<UserEntity> getAllUsers() {
        return userRepository.getAllUsers();
    }

    public UserEntity getUserByUsername(String
username) {
        return
userRepository.getUserByUsername(username);
    }

    public UserEntity createUser(UserEntity user)
{
        return userRepository.createUser(user);
    }

    public void deleteUser(Long id) {
        userRepository.deleteUser(id);
    }
}
```

**UserController.java**
```java
@Path("/users")
@Produces(MediaType.APPLICATION_JSON)
public class UserController {

    @Inject
    UserService userService;

    @GET
    public List<UserEntity> getAllUsers() {
        return userService.getAllUsers();
    }

    @POST
    public Response createUser(UserEntity user) {
        UserEntity createdUser =
userService.createUser(user);
        return Response.ok(createdUser).build();
    }

    @GET
    @Path("/{username}")
    public Response
getUserByUsername(@PathParam("username") String
username) {
        UserEntity user =
userService.getUserByUsername(username);
        if (user != null) {
            return Response.ok(user).build();
        } else {
            return
Response.status(Response.Status.NOT_FOUND).build()Response.status(Response.StatusNOT_FOUND).build();
        }
    }

    @DELETE
    @Path("/{id}")
    public Response deleteUser(@PathParam("id")
Long id) {
        userService.deleteUser(id);
        return Response.noContent().build();
    }
}
```

This implementation provides a basic CRUD
(Create, Read, Update, Delete) API for user
accounts using Quarkus and JPA. The
`UserController` class exposes REST endpoints for
creating, reading, updating, and deleting users.
The `UserService` class encapsulates the business
logic for interacting with the `UserRepository`,
which is responsible for persisting and
retrieving data from the database.

Note that this is just a basic example and you
should consider implementing authentication and
authorization mechanisms to secure your API.
Additionally, you may want to add validation,
error handling, and other features depending on
your specific requirements.